---
layout: post
title:  "You"
author: Guillermo Remache
author-avatar: guillermoremache.jpg
date:   2015-10-23
categories: Articles
thumbnail: you.jpg


---

I am not sure if you could ever imagine how much I struggled this week, even I am not sure how I managed to get by and still be able to do the things I had to do. Even now, I am still not sure if what I am doing is the right thing to do.

Since the last time I saw you, you have filled my mind with all this thoughts that I don't even know what it is that I was supposed to be thinking about, all because every day and every night, all I have ever thought about is You.

Thought after thought, you are the reason for every single one of them. It is making me really confused, I am not sure what to do anymore. Usually I am sure of the things I want and should do, but when it comes to you I am unable to think straight. This time I am unable to get you out of my mind, and it is driving me _crazy_.

I am unable to think rationally, sometimes I wish I could just pick up the phone, call you, and let my soul spill all it has to say to you.

After reading this, you are probably saying, "he is crazy", and it is true, I am, and it is all because I can't do anything without being afraid of not being able to hear your voice, or having even just a second of your time. My mind is filled with memories of you.

Memories that sometimes I wish i didn't have because I wouldn't have to go through this right now, I wouldn't be as vulnerable as I am now. Sometimes I wish I could go out and just screen to the world that I want you out of my mind. I think I have endured enough and I am tired of it. I can't just keep thinking about you, I can't just keep wishing things were different. I am not sure of anything anymore.

The Only think I am sure of, is that _I miss you_.
