---
layout: post
title:  "When We First Met"
author: Guillermo Remache
date:   2015-07-05
categories: Articles
thumbnail: post-1.jpg
---


Meeting someone for the first time is somewhat strange and electrifying at the same time.

Just the feeling of diving into something unknown feels me with excitement and my body shiver with anxiety and fear. These are the feelings I had when I met her. There was probably some alcohol mixed in there but these feelings were genuine. Never in my life approached a girl and never before have I been able to remember every single detail of her.

It was my best friend’s birthday party; he has been like a brother to me since I met him back in college. I was a freshman in my second semester, and I am not sure, how we became friends or when I started thinking of him as my friend. All I know now is that he knows many things about me, at least enough to know how many times girls have broken my heart because thought they were interested in who I was rather than in what I had to offer. I never thought I would be able to laugh so much as to have my throat dry just for laughing. It was probably the best night I had and enjoyed it spending with the people I call friends. I was never an outgoing type of person but I had always wished I were; my life would have been funnier that way. However, whatever happened or whatever I was not able to be, has taken me to where I am now, and we can say that is how I was able to meet her. A couple of hours passed since the party began, time could have never gone as fast as it did that day.

I was sitting on the couch enjoying the live music when she came in. My friend introduced her to me. As always I never put too much attention to people, I just met. I know I if I want to make new friends or at least experience something new with people I care about by my side, this is something I should learn to do. Just thinking about her name makes me remember every single detail of that night; I do not ever want to forget it. She sat down all the way across the table I looked at her and I guess my instincts automatically locked on her. She was all I could see nothing else seemed as interesting as she did. Of course, I never had the courage to stand up on my own and go talk to her. My friend whatever his intentions were from the beginning encouraged me and there I suddenly saw myself sitting right next to her.

I wish there was a word to describe all that I felt at this alien moment. I had never done such thing and so I was lost in a paradise that I seemed to have somehow entered. She seemed like a gentle and yet charismatic girl, long eyelashes, green eyes, blond hair, white fair skin, beautiful! Somehow, just the type of girl I thought I would never be able to approach. There I was talking to her, finding things in common. I do not really have much experience talking to girls so I expected to have some awkwardness in between the conversation we had. I wish I could recall everything we talked about, but the moment and the electrifying feelings I had while sitting next to her make it hard to remember. It seems she is the type of girl who likes to have fun, she likes to dance and singing seems to be one of the things she likes doing too.

For some reason, I always get interested in people who do things I cannot do or yet unable to do. This girl is fun, she likes to do the same things I like, karaoke, dancing, etc. We talked about random things; somehow, along the way, I decided that I would like to have an unforgettable night with her. Nevertheless, being the type of person I am, it makes it hard for me to be able to do things my mind wants. What came afterward what out of my wildest dreams. We Danced, I danced like never before and her body fit into my hands as if her waist existed just for my hands to hold. I have never touched a woman the way I touched her, recording every single part my fingers touched. My hands just dove into unknown waters without the fear of never surfacing back up. We danced! Our bodies felt each other, close as close as we could get, we moved from side to side, my feet moved on their own as if they had their own mind. My body acted on its own as if it was in complete comfort, it had resigned itself to her all.

We danced, this time, we moved around in between the crowd, having as much fun as I ever had. There was no nervousness anymore, I felt as if I belong there in that moment next to her, dancing with her, feeling her close to me. Our bodies followed the music and we let them do, as they wanted. My body became a slave to the music and it did as her body commanded. Her back bumped into me, each time faster and faster and the music moved as puppets. Music was our master and we had no way of doing otherwise. My hands touched her body, her back, just like puzzle piece her body fit into my embrace as if it was they were for me to put together. Entranced by the music I took her hands from behind and raised them as high as I could as if I was claiming that I had conquered her body and mine had become one. I raised her hands once, twice, three times each time feeling her dance to the music more and more up a point where my body memorized hers. Who would have thought I would be the type of person that would become entranced by the music and the softness of her body and the feeling of her existence belonging solely to me at that moment.

My body was tired and my mind wanted to keep her close, it was already missing her touch and warmth. No other woman has ever felt so right; no matter what happens, later on, there’s no way I could ever forget this feeling. We drank together, we cheered for my friend’s birthday; but deep down I cheer for that moment and the presence of her next to me. There was not much I could talk to her about, I may not have been the most appealing person at that moment but we communicated each other by the movement of our bodies reacting to the music surrounding us.

She danced, yes, she danced with other people, I was not the only one in this place that looked at her and wished to be with her. However, I was different; I genuinely wanted to be with her and enjoy the moment to the fullest. My body wished to be hers to command, my body missed her the moment she was not next to me. She danced, she smiled, she talked, but I wanted all of her to become mine. At that moment I wanted her smile, her laugh, her voice, the way her body moved, I wanted to be the reason for all of them, my body wished for it and so I was merciless under its deepest desired and thus what else could I do other than follow her to the dance floor and dance.

I could not take it any longer and just wished I could proclaim the world that she would be mine for as long as the music goes on. My mind was ready to do my body’s binding and thus it stood up and it danced. My hands touched her waist from behind and my hips moved on its own. Nothing else existed in that moment other than her, music and me. I could feel how she moved at every command of my body. My hands moved her waist and bringing her close to me at every beat. Once again my mind became entranced by hers and I lost my minds, I lost all sense and my mind went blank, my mind was so concentrated on the touch of her body, I could see her everything not with my eyes but with my whole body and every sense. At this moment, she was all I could see even with my eyes closed, she was there.

Entranced by the music and her, my hands had a mind on their own, her body moved at the movement of my hands on her waist. They wondered all over her, reaching to the deepest places it could get too. The feeling of her bare skin burnt into the skin of my hands; it hurts not having her around and not being able to feel her all over again. My hands wonder all over and her body resigned to her, it was so familiar as if they had finally found their home. The music ended our bodies separated but even so, she was still as close as never before. Everything of hers was recorded by every single part her body touched mine.

The music went on and I lost sight of her, she danced once again not with me. At this moment, I could feel how my body and mind longed for her. Soon enough the time to go home came by and I looked at her in the middle of the crowd. I reached for her hand and took her away. We went back to the table, took her things, and left the place. This time, her fingers locked with mine, I wished for time to become eternal for this moment to last forever. All of us took a taxi to get next train home. I now felt the duty to make sure she got home safe. We reached the train station and my hands once again locked with hers, it felt just right as if I was finally home. Time for her to leave came and my mind was still entranced but what has just happened that I did not realize that it would hurt so much to see here leave. There was one last thing my body and mind decided to do, and that was to kiss her goodbye.

_She smiled._
