---
layout: post
title:  "To Late"
author: Guillermo Remache
date:   2015-08-14
categories: Articles
---

I wonder why I do the things I do, so far none of the things I do can bring me any happiness, all the time I do things for everyone else, but at the end all I do is end up getting hurt. Why can't life be more fair? Is it too much of me to ask just a little bit of your attention? Even if you cannot love me like the way I love you, isn't it fair for you to at least try? I know I am being selfish and you don't have any type of attachment  towards me and even if you do, you never show it to me.

You may tell me hundreds of things that may seem believable at that time, but at the end of the day everything seems like a lie. It's like I don't even exist for you. Been in your mind all your time doesn't seem to be enough.  If that was true you would want to talk to me. Maybe I am just anxious and I hate to think that you are with your other friends instead of me. I do lots of things for you. And I really never expect to get something back from you, I do everything I do because you are important to me and because I just want the best for you. It hurts to love someone that way but if it is all I can do for you then that is all I will do, even if someday you will stop needing my help, even thought I know that someday you will fade away from my life, just for the time being I want to do everything for you, even if it just for now I just want to find ever excuse to be with you.

Just being by your side and knowing that you are there is enough to make me happy, and that's all I need, YOU!, no one else. You once told me that its better to be friends because friends never break up. But the truth is that friends don't break up, but they get hurt the most when someone who took the person you love away from you hurts the person you love the most. Even if I knew that you are happy with that person, I would be happy for you, and nothing would make me happier knowing that you are happy, but deep inside me I would hurt and it would feel lonely because It is you who I need, and you, my friend the only one for me, are with someone else. 

I would feel jealous because that person is not me. its not me the one getting all your kisses and hugs, I'm not the one who has you in my arms, I'm not the one who is free to love you, and be loved back. But because I don't want any of that to happen and because I want to be the one you love, I want to be the one who loves and protects you, I want to be the only holder of the key to your heart, I will stay by your side, and make you fall for me till the day you realize that you love me. I will be there always no matter what because it's You all I need.

_But now It's too late._
